Updated terms of use and privacy policy 2023 (#4)
Ouranosinc/Legal-Ouranos: PAVICS/PAVICS_Conditions_PrivacyPolicy_en_fr.md

may be modified from time to time and such modification will be
effective immediately upon being posted on the Website.

PAVICS compute resources are offered freely with the intended purpose of supporting researchers and practitioners in climate change related fields such as:
* Climate science
* Climate change vulnerability impacts and adaptation
* Climate change mitigation

#### Rights and responsibilities 

You are free to access and modify PAVICS datasets, as well as use PAVICS 
compute resources for research, non-commercial, commercial, or individual purposes.

You are limited by the respective allowed uses of the individual available datasets
on the PAVICS platform. Each dataset is subject to the applicable terms of use and/or
licence granted by each organization that is the source of the data. By
accessing and/or using the data, you agree to comply with said terms of
use and/or licence applicable available here and/or in the metadata

> related to this data.  Furthermore, use of PAVICS for analysis, and/or access of data must be acknowledged as described at https://pavics.ouranos.ca/citation.html 

Author: ```suggestion
related to this data.

When utilizing PAVICS for data analysis or data access, users must acknowledge its usage as outlined in the guidelines provided at https://pavics.ouranos.ca/citation.html.
```
